This chatbot was built by a group of computer Science Engineering students from Sahyadri College as a Final year project.
The Address of the college is "Sahyadri Campus Adyar Mangaluru 575007 Karnataka India"
Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management, Mangaluru was established in the year 2007 under the Bhandary Foundation.
The institute is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belagavi with permanent affiliation for most of the programs, approved by the AICTE and the Government of Karnataka.
The phone number to contact the college is 08242277333,
The website for the college can be found at https://sahyadri.edu.in/
The degrees provided by the college are Bachelor of Engineering BE and Master of Business Administration MBA.
The available branches for Engineering are Artficial intelligence, Computer Science, Information Science, Electronics and communication, Data Science, Civil, Mechanical Engineering.
In the admission procedure, allotment of seats and fees structure for all the seats our College strictly adheres the order of the Government of Karnataka amended from time to time and prevalent at the date of admission.
The computer science branch Head of Department is Dr Pushpalatha,
The Information science branch Head of Department is Dr Shamantha Rai B,
The Electronics and communication branch Head of Department is Dr. Joyline Germine Dsa, 
The Civil Engineering branch Head of Department is Mr. Hemanth Prabhu, 
The Mechanical Engineering branch Head of Department is Dr. Ravichandra K R.
The Chairman of the college is Mr Manjunath Bhandary.
The placement Dean is Professor Rashmi Bhandary.
The degrees provided by the college are Bachelor of Engineering (BE) and Master of Business Administration (MBA).
The available branches for Engineering are Artficial intelligence, Computer Science, Information Science, Electronics and communication, Data Science, Civil, Mechanical Engineering.
Allotment of seats and fees structure for all the seats our College strictly adheres the order of the Government of Karnataka amended from time to time and prevalent at the date of admission.
