Placements 
Over 170 companies visit the campus every year for recruitment. 
Some of the highest packages are offered by - SPG - 23 LPA, Adobe Systems - 20.35 LPA, Amazon 16 LPA, Toppr - 15.5 LPA, Anglo Eastern -15 LPA, Money View - 12 LPA, Juspay technologies- 12 LPA, HSBC -12 LPA, SAP - 10 LPA, Accolite Software - 10 LPA.
The average package is 4 LPA.
The Placement Department also actively takes part in providing internship opportunities to the students. The placement Department has also set up Aptitude Lab for continual assessment of students.The placement office ensures the best arrangement for the recruiters. Student volunteers make the necessary arrangements on the day of the Company visit." The academic year 2019-20has reaped rich rewards with a sizeable number of students recruited by 200+ leading companies"
   

Hostel facilities 
The Campus has a separate hostel section for girls and boys located within the premises under the management of Hostel Committee. The committee is headed by the Chief Warden, assisted by the two In-charge wardens, thereby looking after the day to day aspects of the hostel management. Each hostel has a Resident Warden who is responsible for the discipline, maintenance of building, allotment of rooms etc. The hostel staff consists of caretakers other attendants and maintenance staff.

Nature of the Room	Fee per Student/per Year
3 & 4 - SHARING	Rs. 75,000/-
TWIN SHARING	Rs. 85,000/-
TWIN SHARING (with attached bathroom)	Rs. 95,000/-
SINGLE OCCUPANCY	Rs. 95,000/-
SINGLE OCCUPANCY (with attached bathroom)	Rs. 1,10,000/-
SINGLE OCCUPANCY (AC + with attached bathroom)	Rs. 1,35,000/-

Transportation facilities 
Sahyadri educational institution runs it’s own transport fleet catering service to students who commute daily. The busses run on all working days at different route.

RULES & REGULATIONS
Students should inform the transport wing/admission counter about the requirement of availing the bus service at the time of admission and during the beginning of every semester to the officer in charge.
The bus fare fixed annually or periodically should be paid in advance which will qualify the student to travel in the said bus.
A bus pass will be issued to the student once the payment is made and students require carrying the said pass without fail while travelling.
The transport department may inspect the passes while on transits.
The seat booking facility is not permitted in the bus. And quarreling for the particular seats or any misconduct shall be dealt seriously.
Students are not permitted to play mischief, loud talking or create disturbance to others
Students are expected to respect fellow students in the bus and more so the girl students.
If the students have changed their pick point they are required to inform the driver in time at least before sufficient time.
If students have changed their place of residents the same should be intimated to the transport in charge for necessary instruction to the new route officials.
Any damage, defacing of any accessory of bus by the user will be dealt seriously and the damage with penalty will be recovered.
The students willing to discontinue the bus service half way will not have any right to claim refund of the amount for the period not being travelled.


Dress code
It is mandatory to wear uniform for 1st year students, which is provided by the college on payment. Wearing prescribed lab uniform viz: cap, mask, shoe, gloves, apron etc are compulsory. Other Students shall wear clean, neat, formal and presentable clothing.


Bridge course
The strength of our relationship with the students is our ability to gauge their strengths and weaknesses. Orientation Programmes and Bridge courses conducted by the different departments at the beginning of the academic year are an effort on our part to fill-in the chasm that exists between the shared knowledge of students at the entry-level and the course requirements.
It is observed that NCERT syllabus as it is about 20-30% more vast than the previous state board syllabus. While those who have studied ICSE or CBSE in school are not much affected, but those from the State syllabus may find it difficult. Bridge course helps students to open up, think creatively and become responsible and independent students. The objective of the Bridge course is to demystify what is expected of students in Pre University-level classes and to provide adequate foundation in the core applied science subjects and English limited to moderate level so that students do not face any difficulty when the classes commence. To phase in students to Engineering and enjoy education, overview through project based learning is also envisaged. The sessions also include ice breakers, Sports and Cultural Activities for all round development. During this interaction of few days with the faculty, the students will come out of their hesitation and it will be the best platform for the students to interact with the faculty members, making it responsible for them to build strong relationships with faculty, advisers and other students.
This course was conducted last year for our students. The statistics show that, there is a gradual improvement of more than 20-30% in the overall performance of the students. Their parents have also deeply appreciated.


FOOD COURT
Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside. The management is happy to provide the Sahyadrians with an aesthetically built spacious food court in the campus, which is now maintained and managed by experienced chefs and managers from reputed star hotels. It provides a variety of hygienically prepared delicious South Indian food, Vegetarian, Non-Vegetarian, Chats and fresh fruit juice.

OVERVIEW OF LIBRARY AND INFORMATION CENTRE
The Library being the most important part of the education system is the hub of all the activities in the Campus. Much care is taken to provide the best of the best facilities in the library to motivate the students and the faculty members to make use of the facilities. Library consist of central library and departmental libraries which collectively support the educational needs of all the programmes. The Library and information centre of the college has kept pace with emerging challenges, perhaps one of the best technical libraries in the state. The state of the art library stretches over 1050 square meters with the capacity to accommodate 400 students at a time and it is enabled with Wi-Fi technology and security systems with Closed Circuit Television System (CCTV).

Campus
The eco-friendly picturesque campus is spread across 30 acres of land situated on the banks of River Nethravathi and adjacent to Mangalore-Bangalore National Highway. It is located at a distance of 7 kms from the port city of Mangalore, a popular education hub. It is well connected by road, air and train to all the major cities of India. The Campus is rightly named 'Sahyadri,' which means the Western Ghats and is surrounded by green hills and river.
The campus with a built-up area of 4.00 lakh sq. ft., is aesthetically constructed in the court yard system. Spacious classrooms with good ventilation and audio-video facility is provided. Well-equipped Laboratories as per AICTE norms and very spacious library with all the required books, journals, e-journals. Four seminar halls and one auditorium with all modern acoustic facilities, beautifully designed food court and well developed sports ground with 400 meters athletic track, with nature's fascinating beauty.
